love making pancakes and these are
lovely savory pancakes really easy to
make all I've taken is 8 ounces of plain
flour 1 pint of milk 2 ounces about er
and 2 aches all you do whisk it all up
together touch of salt and pepper some
chopped parsley you've got good savory
pancakes made and in New York they love
pancakes so I thought I'll make you a
really spectacular dish this is going to
be savory pancake gateau never heard of
that one I doubt it but what does every
ghetto need a good filling or spread and
this is what I play for you and it
really is Turkish I've just taken
between a pound and a half and two
pounds of button mushrooms mince them or
chop them and then all I've done is
place them into a pan and allow them to
cook now what happens is all the waters
come out they reduce down and what do
you get from that water this is what you
get and this is where I took off halfway
through that cooking I've got an instant
mushroom stock couldn't be easier could
it the rest of them I've cooked down to
learn moist but almost towards dry the
other flap I'm going to use is just some
chopped onions cooked a little touch of
butter hints of garlic and some thyme so
it just looks like that now all you have
to do is mix it in with that mushrooms
and you have the filling of spread is
made just stir that in we can just check
that for a little touch of seasoning
let's have a little taste
hmm that really does taste good a little
touch of salt
and one other flavor and what's that
going to be well you know me I have to
have texture so I've taken some sliced
mushrooms just quickly pan-fried them in
some butter and now I'm just going to
add those into that mix as well now
there you go look at that that is
wonderful now now we have a bite behind
it as well
that really is delicious so that's that
now what's next well I've got to build
it now they tell me in New York they can
build a skyscraper in a day well let me
tell you I think I can build one quicker
so just watch this timing
that's what I call cut game you ain't
seen nothing yet take a look at this
now look at that looks sensational
doesn't it looks like a skyscraper for
itself
now I told you about that mushroom stock
and this is what I've got
I've taken some chopped shallots drop
them into that lovely mushroom stock and
just let it simmer and they've softened
and I've got plenty of other flavors to
it as well would you think of these they
sell loads 4-meter in New York I've got
wild mushrooms Jon Petz oyster mushrooms
chanterelle some steps and I'm gonna put
just a little bit of each in there to
think of that texture as well you've got
chunky wild mushrooms happening in the
sauce something else as well what about
a bit of a British flavour roasted
chestnuts just nicely chopped got that
lovely nutty taste let's drop some of
those in all we need now is to make this
most creamy touch of butter can they
close one more and now batter is just
melting the mushrooms are just softening
little squeeze of lemon you'll be amazed
that I licked all those other tastes
just that little bit look wonderful the
next thing one other flavor chopped
parsley just like this sprinkle it in
sauce is ready so there's the sauce oh
good now is finish the dish